first time Dukey
no no no long time ago different life
now you come back yes I'm looking for
something you can find whatever you wish
until today I'm at a man who kidnapped a
little girl from our American mother
will not be looking for such a man will
be there Jess for you men like him with
big baby Robert I have my only friend
it's great you helping all these random
people and everything
it's get off the radar something
happened to one of ours
so I'm obligated to look into it
don't you every time oh I am just like
you're dead
[Music]
yeah what's the matter
they knew what floor she was off
they're tying up loose ends exactly
partner seven years max mistake to go to
war with him on the war with me
whoever did this of all chart skillsets
here at the agency family it was East I
tried pretty good
well not one one goat
they killed my friend
so I'm gonna kill each and every one of
them and then only disappoint me is that
I only get to do it once
senior care and all those books around I
figured you for some kind of teacher
from a high level paid for assassin
[Music]